This project is a demonstration for using Walmart Labs Open API to retrieve recommended products. 
Specifically, it fulfills following four functionalities: 
1. Search for products based upon a user-provided search string
2. Use the first item in the search response as input for a product recommendation search
3. Retrieve reviews of the first 10 product recommendations
4. Rank order the recommended products based upon the review sentiments

A. Requirement: 
1. Java 1.7 
2. Maven 3.0.5 
   In case you don't have Maven, please refer to https://maven.apache.org/ for the installation
3. Ubuntu 14.04


B. Build: 
To build this application, please type the following steps: 
1. git clone git@github.ncsu.edu:xzou2/ProductRecommendation.git ProductionRecommendation
   
2. cd ProductionRecommendation

3. mvn package 

The `mvn package` command compiles project, runs all unit tests and produces an executable jar file (ProductRecommendation-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar), 
which is under target folder. 
If you only want to run compilation or the unit tests, please run the command  "mvn compile" or "mvn test"

Input & Output:
As suggested in the requirement document, this application does not need user interfaces. 
So, the user inputs are taken from the command line.
Below is example commands (with single or multiple inputs) of running this application, 
java -jar target/ProductRecommendation-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar ipod
or
java -jar target/ProductRecommendation-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar convertible car seat

And the output of this application is printed on the console. 

C. Logging: 
The logging used in this application is from the JDK. 
The default log configuration is 
 logs with level from INFO up to SEVERE level are printed on the console and logs with level from FINE to SEVERAL level is output to app.log file. 
If you want to know the detailed log configure, please refer to the log configure file which is under the root directory of the ProductRecommendation-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar.
In addition, if you want use your own log configure file, you can run the command with the -D option
java -Djava.util.logging.config.file=[path to your log configure file] -jar target/ProductRecommendation-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar ipod 

D. Assumption: 

E. Sample building output:
please see the samples/sample-build-output.txt file

F. Sample running output: 
please see the samples/sample-running-output.txt file 

In case, there are difficulties in building the executable files. I have put an executable ProductRecommendation-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar under samples folder


